welcome to the mana freak apps this is
the Walking Dead Season ten episode 11
the whispers have gathered up their mega
zombie horde and are ready for a march
on hilltop this is a cool whisper a
moment there creepy whispering there we
are the end of the worlds chant and
negan is fully with them now right next
to alpha we're in his very own zombie
mask the Alexandria crew arrives at
hilltop the ex Walker Mary really wants
to see her nephew the baby that you know
was abandoned old blacksmith guys been
raising the baby he and his wife took it
in when they abandoned it and then the
whispers killed his wife so he doesn't
want her anywhere near it the new crew
is gearing up to go rescue Magna and
Connie but Daryl and Lydia ride in like
hey we just tried you can't go out there
anymore the hordes of come in hilltop
argues whether they should stay in fight
or evacuate to live another day
unfortunately it's a moot point the
roads have been blocked so they are
stranded at hilltop no reinforcements
can get to them fast enough it's time to
make their last stand old blacksmith guy
gives a real inspiring speech more lines
than he's had in a while so I assume
he's dying in this battle X Walker Mary
tries to see her nephew but Alden stops
her now the whispers killed his
girlfriend he ended - so he doesn't
trust her at all he has an emotional
speech here more lines than he's had in
a while so I assume he's dying in this
battle - Carroll had been hanging out in
the woods by herself feeling guilty
about the whole cave collapse fiasco
King Ezekiel finds her though he's been
trying to win her back all season and
he's not givin up on her so now with the
prospect of their imminent deaths
looming Carole's ready to go for it
Carol and the King get it on and they
are back together Eugene is still
flirting with his radio girlfriend they
made contact a few episodes back but
have still agreed not to tell their
respective communities about each other
in case you know they're secretly evil
they had just agreed to try to set up an
in-person meeting when Rosita walks in
she hears a random girl on the radio
like hey who's this and unfortunately
that scares Stephenie off she goes radio
silent Rosita apologizes to Eugene for
accidentally cock-blocking him she's
like hey I feel bad to make it up for
you you can kiss me one time right now
this is what Eugene has always wanted
it's finally happening but he can't go
through with it he's got a real crush on
radio girl so Eugene tries to win his
ladylove back by singing a song over the
radio waves and it works she responds
and is like hey let's meet up one week
from today
so now Eugene has serious motivation to
survive the night I got a date now Errol
and Ezekiel make a pact that if things
go bad one of them will get the kids all
out of there no matter what that Darrell
talks to Judith who's made a present for
him she has redrawn the missing angel
wing on his iconic bikers vest yeah the
right wing disappeared sometime during
the time jump after Rick left the show
and now she's given him a beautiful blue
one to symbolize his whatever then it is
time for the battle this is some real
Lord of the Rings Game of Thrones stuff
right here we saw them practicing their
shield formations way back in episode 1
and finally they're getting put to use
they built a bunch of obstacles that
slow the walkers down keep them from
getting overwhelmed and then it is
zombie-killing time boom stop smash
they're just taking out walkers for an
extended period of time
but the whispers have a trick up their
sleeves babe has been collecting tree
sap they slingshot him over like water
balloons getting the SAP everywhere
turns out this tree sap is very
flammable so our gangs in a sticky
situation earlier negan had a talk with
alpha he's a close adviser to her now
even though he doesn't have a letter for
a name yet they did have sex so that
counts for something he's like hey maybe
instead of destroying hilltop completely
we can you know make them surrender to
us so now deacons like hey I thought we
decided not to kill them all and have
them join us I will
dang that hardcore so our crew has to
retreat fall back behind the walls but
the whisper is like those on fire too so
things look real bleak for our heroes
and that's where the episode comes to an
end hit that subscribe button for more
of the fest recaps of TV and movies and
click the join button to support the
channel and be a recap champion